c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\obj\Debug\MvcLearning_WebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\MvcLearning_WebAPI.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\MvcLearning_WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\obj\Debug\MvcLearning_WebAPI.dll
c:\users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\obj\Debug\MvcLearning_WebAPI.pdb
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\CommandProxy.dll
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Commands.dll
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Dtos.dll
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Repositories.dll
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\BusinessProxy.dll
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Events.dll
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\CommandProxy.pdb
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Commands.pdb
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Dtos.pdb
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\BusinessProxy.pdb
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Events.pdb
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Queries.dll
C:\Users\tomtom\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcLearning_WebAPI\MvcLearning_WebAPI\bin\Queries.pdb
